Introduce the Extension School platform (#6)
scalacenter/docs.scala-lang: online-courses.md

  - /resources/images/online-courses/testimonial014.jpg
---

The [Scala Center] produces online courses of various levels, from beginner 
to advanced.

> If you are a programmer and want to learn Scala, there are two recommended 

Reviewer: You could maybe put this part "if you are a programmer and want to learn Scala" in bold ? So that people who are skim reading can catch on it.

of the courses Programming Reactive Systems, Parallel Programming, or Big Data Analysis with Scala and Spark.
In case you take the Scala Specialization, you will end with the Scala Capstone Project.

## Learning Platforms

Currently, all our courses are available on the platform [Coursera](https://coursera.org),
and some of them are available on [edX](https://edx.org) or the [Extension School](https://extensionschool.ch).
This section explains the differences between these learning platforms.

> On all the platforms the material is fully available online. It includes 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On all the platforms the full material is always available online. It includes 
```
